----------------------------------------------------------------------
Report of the Referee -- CT10695/Acharya
----------------------------------------------------------------------

The manuscript of the ALICE Collaborations presents an attempt to
extract the K-Lambda interactions from two-body correlation functions
measured on Pb-Pb collisions. The analysis follows essentially the
line of correlation studies of identical particles. The main
experimental result is presented in Fig. 3. The analysis is
interesting and should clearly be published. It seems, however, that
the manuscripts has been written in a Letter format, thus leaving
several detailed discussions on particular systematic uncertainties
caused by the assumptions made in the analysis (e.g. identical,
spherical sources etc.) aside.

1. The systematic uncertainties discussed very briefly in section 3.7.
refer to rather obvious sensitivities to cuts and normalization
regions. To judge the sensitivity of the data to the extracted fit
parameters, it would be helpful to see a corresponding error bands in
e.g. Fig. 3. Inspecting for example the data in the Lambda-K0 case, an
upward bend at very low relative momenta seems not always obvious.

2. The thermal background in Fig. 2 has rather large statistical
uncertainties in the relevant low relative momentum region. It also
seems that the fit (dashed green line) does not always follow the data
at very low momenta. This, however, is the region which is most
relevant to extract the interaction parameters (see Fig. 3). Is the
sixth-order polynomial fit somehow constrained at low momenta?

3. I suggest, that the authors present an error matrix of the deduced
fit parameters.

4. In the abstract, the Lammbda-K0 interaction is mentioned to be
attractive. Is that also true, if systematic and statistical
uncertainties are combined?

5. Re-scattering and secondary absorption may be different for baryons
and antibaryons. Can’t that be checked by more detailed simulations?

Minor points:

• The reference to THERMINATOR2 should be mentioned, when it is first
mentioned in the text.

• Fig. 3: boxes are hardly visible in the figure.

• Fig 4: the meaning of the error bars and the shaded areas are not
clear. Neither in the text referring to Fig. 4 nor in the figure
caption the meaning of these errors is mentioned.

• References: some special characters should be checked and corrected
(e.g. Ref. 30 and 37)

• Fig. C2: the rise of the fit at k* = 0 GeV/c should be explained.

• Fig. C2: there seem to be related non-statistical modulations in the
correlation functions at e.g. 0.16GeV/c. What is the reason for that?

• Appendix A nicely illustrates the Stavinskiy method. What are the
consequences for the extracted interaction parameters?

